big Ishita I mean lady begin it talk
about something for a minute that's
gotten pretty close to my heart I want
to talk about vegans for just a moment
I'm absolutely 1000% cool with this
that's the way you want to do it you
love it I love it to do whatever floats
your boat but I want to talk to my kids
for a minute because three of my kids
are vegan you can eat all the tofu and
wood chips you want you can put ketchup
on it but stop coming to my house
talking down to me because I eat meat
baby girl I don't care it's not for you
baby
this is Phoenix please bless the food
that these people prepare for me I know
it's gonna be good because they was
black no offense on my Caucasians but it
was black maybe was in his little arm
truck
I love food truck it was a little it was
probably 20 of them in there but it was
packed up in there and still looking 1
no grease on the float was no boo no
everything was clean but let this
nourish my soul and I can eat it and
because a man thank all right child let
me tell you I went to [ __ ] vegan here
and let a Georgia um they had three
different burgers and I was like okay
I'm gonna try all three and they gave it
to me for free they're amazing people so
be go tried it and it's not really
shrimp and bacon it's fake shrimp and
fake bacon mmm well I'm not oh my god oh
my god I don't
they walked in the house give up in the
house now do I smell me I think I smell
me you damn righteous really cuz it's me
in here it's me on the stove it's meat
in the freezer I got meat in the glove
compartment of my car yeah I've got meat
in here I Got News for you
I put meat in your baby's formula bottle
when you ain't lookin oh my god
who made who made is that a real burger
mmm oh my god oh my god how you gonna
cheat on your boyfriend one time with
Noah go back to him and she a girl you a
mess you a whole mess bro I knew I
didn't like you for the job I knew it
and instead of [ __ ] you should just went
to him and broke up and say hey baby I
don't want to be together let's go you
go you get mad you go and see turn that
he'd get you and he really ain't she in
and then you're gonna look stupid again
got your pool girl we were poor girl if
I was him I won't take you back girl
period Tom if you thought I was cheating
on I sit down and talk about it girl you
know miss Berger is the team what is
this cheese is this cheese real got me
tell me all this stuff is fake from the
burger to the cheese to the bacon ain't
nothing is real ain't no way they got
all boos you now because they got lured
jobs and business and stuff they didn't
graduated from college yeah you know why
you graduated from college because you
old meat
daddy paid forward that's how you got
the collagen sitting up in here with you
love the shoes old that's all I wanted
to say thanks for letting me get that
off but you ain't no way I don't have a
whole lot to add here just one short
anecdote years and years and years ago
years ago years ago I had one Skype
conversation with a notorious left-wing
feminist social justice warrior
stereotype we all know and love her
channel is called a privileged vegan her
podcast is called the vegan Vanguard so
some of you guys know who I'm talking
about
some of you don't and she's not merely
white she grew up back and forth between
France the United States of America I
think she identifies as French and she
came into this conversation with this
heavy victim narrative about how African
Americans were being excluded from and
oppressed by veganism this is a couple
years ago this is before Melissa and I
started dating so I was just kind of
living a different lifestyle I was
listening to a lot of hip-hop radio a
lot of hip-hop podcasts and I really had
you know with no preparation I didn't
know we were gonna talk about this but
right off the top of my head I said well
what about this guy this guy and this
guy I named five different prominent
african-american rappers who were vegans
or who would at least recorded songs and
made statements that were Pro vegan
right around that time you know
recording rap songs in some cases doing
collabs with
pedda peoplethe coach remember there's a
lot of that stuffing up said what about
this guy and this guy people had just
published books and given speeches and
going on tour supportive Vitas within
African American hip-hop demi-monde and
a whole lot of those people just at that
time I'd seen interviews Charlamagne the
gods show there was just a lot of talk
and you can even see it in the kind of
reaction against veganism you could see
it in the number of black African
American stand-up comedians talking
about because you could catch the vibe
anyone who was just exposed to what was
going on in the shallowest surface level
of African American culture five years
ago let's let's round it off it probably
was only four years ago at this
conversation okay whatever four or five
years ago
anyone would have picked up on the fact
that African Americans are ahead of the
trend are leading the trend on the vegan
diet even in places like Georgia not
just in Chicago not just in New York
City not just in Detroit there's a
famous famous african-american vegan and
eatery in Detroit we've been there a
couple times we bought the t-shirt you
remember the name of the place babe
Detroit vegan soul so specifically soul
food black owned black coffee but you
know the other vegan restaurants you
want to Detroit 50% of the staff would
be black 50% of the employees you could
see and 50% of the customers were black
that's Detroit I mean I'm not gonna tell
you Detroit is leading the trend in
anything but rust but I mean you know
you saw it in Detroit you see yeah
Georgia Chicago New York City everywhere
and I couldn't believe this left-wing
guilt-trip narrative that presumes to
treat these people like they're left out
and trodden under by veganism well from
my perspective globally there among the
people leading the way and look guys
that's the happy more of this story
anybody who wants to lead the way can
why is Tel Aviv Israel no reason they
have no advantage they have only
disadvantages it's a war-torn country
and ridiculous political circumstances
why would Tel Aviv why is Taiwan leading
the way Taipei Kaohsiung je whatever
Taiwan as a whole the whole island why
are they leading the way because no
particularly good reason the people who
want to lead are gonna lead the people
who want to set the trend are gonna get
out there and set the trend and even if
from your perspective you think
african-americans only have
disadvantages let me tell you something
they're out there proving you wrong
they're turning those disadvantages into
advantages and the time is going to come
you mark my words
african-american vegan food black
American vegan soul food is going to get
exported from Detroit to Taiwan from
Chicago to Israel you're gonna see vegan
restaurants in Europe imitating the
style of vegan food that's being
innovated now by African Americans
[Music]